Tanner;You hate your job and your life. You win if you are eliminated.;-2,1 #Implemented
Cupid;The first night, choose two players to be linked together. If one of them is eliminated, the other is eliminated as well.;-3;1 #Implemented
Minion;You know who the Werewolves are, but you do not wake up with them at night.;-6;1 #Implemented
Virginia Woolf;The first night, choose a player to be afraid of you. If you are eliminated, that player is also eliminated.;-2;1 #Implemented
Doppelganger;The first night, choose a player. When that player is eliminated you become that role.;-2;1
Lycan;You are a villager, but appear to the Seer as a Werewolf.;-1;1 #Implemented
Pacifist;You must always vote for players to not be eliminated.;-1;1 #Implemented
Sorceress;Each night, look for the Seer. You are on the werewolf team.;-3;1 #Implemented
Troublemaker;One night per game, stir up trouble by calling for players to be eliminated the following day.;-3;1 #Implemented
Cursed;You are on the Villager team unless you are targeted for elimination by the Werewolves, at which time you become a Werewolf;-3;1
Hoodlum;Choose 2 players on the first night. To win, they must be eliminated and you must still be in the game at the end of the game;0;1 #Implemented
Big Bad Wolf;Each night, wake up with the other Werewolves. If you are still in the game, the Werewolves may eliminate two adjacent players;-9;1
Fang Face;The first night, wake with the other Werewolves. While there are other werewolves in the game, do not wake up with them on subsequent nights.;-5;1 #Implemented
Lone Wolf;Each night, wake with the other Werewolves. You only win if you are the last player in the game.;-5;1 #Implemented
Dire Wolf;Each night, wake with the other Werewolves. The first night, choose a player to be your companion. You are eliminated if that player is eliminated.;-4;1 #Implemented
Wolverine;Each night, wake with the other Werewolves. If you are the closest Werewolf to the target, the players hear a metallic sound.;-4;1
Wolf Cub;Each night, wake with the Werewolves. If you are eliminated, the Werewolves eliminate two players the following night;-8;1 #Implemented
Fruit Brute;Each night, wake with the other Werewolves. If you are the last Werewolf in the game, you do not get to eliminate a player at night.;-3;1 #Implemented
Vampire;Each night, choose a player. That player is eliminated when a player gets their 2nd accusation the next day.;-7;8
Old Hag;Each night, choose a player to leave the village during the next day.;1;1 #Implemented
Hunter;If you are eliminated, you may immediately eliminate another player.;3;1 #Implemented
Spellcaster;Each night, choose a player who may not speak the following day.;1;1 #Implemented
Village Idiot;You always vote for players to be eliminated.;2;1 #Implemented
Apprentice Seer;If the Seer is eliminated, you become the seer, waking each night to look for Werewolves.;4;1
Mayor;Your vote counts twice.;2;1 #Implemented
Tough Guy;If the Werewolves attempt to eliminate you, you are not eliminated until the following night.;3;1 #Implemented
Aura Seer;Choose a player each night to see if that player is not a Werewolf or Villager;3;1 #Implemented
Witch;You may save or eliminate a player at night once each per game;4;1 #TODO
Priest;One night per game, choose a player to be protected. That player may not be eliminated at night.;3;1
Diseased;If you are eliminated by Werewolves, they don't get to eliminate another player the following night.;3;1
P.I.;One night per game, choose a player. You'll be told if that player or one of his neighbors is a Werewolf.;3;1
Cult Leader;Each night, choose a player to join your cult. If all players are in your cult, you win.;1;1
Prince;If you are voted to be eliminated, your role is revealed and you stay.;3;1
Drunk;You are a Villager until the 3rd night, when you sober up and learn your real role.;4;1
Mason;The first night, wake up to see who the other Mason is.;2;3 #Implemented #Tested
Seer;Each night, choose a player to learn if he is a Villager or a Werewolf.;7;1 #Implemented #Tested
Bodyguard;Each night, choose a player who cannot be eliminated that night.;3;1 #Implemented #Tested
Villager;Find the Werewolves and eliminate them.;1;15 #Implemented #Tested
Werewolf;Each night, wake with the other werewolves and choose a player to eliminate.;-6;12 #Implemented #Tested

#Artifacts
The Emerald of Jealousy;Choose a player with an unrevealed Artifact card. Take that card from them, revealing it for yourself.;1
The Cauldron of Sorcery;Choose a player who must truthfully say if he is a regular villager or not.;1
The Diary of the Insomniac;You are told if either of your neighbors woke up the previous night.;1
The Mist of Aura;Choose a player. That player must truthfully say if he is special (not a normal werewolf or villager).;1
The Pendant of Pride;Choose a player and secretly show him your Ultimate Werewolf card.;1
The Cap of Idiocy;Always vote to eliminate;inf
The Talisman of Trouble;Two player are eliminated during the day that this Artifact is revealed.;1
The Prism of Power;Choose three players. That night, the Werewolves must choose one of those three as their target.;1
The Heart of Indifference;Each day at dawn, choose a player who may not vote.;inf
The Amethyst of Knowledge;Choose a player with an unrevealed Artifact card and secretly view it. Then decide if you want that player to reveal that Artifact card now.;1
The Orb of Speculation;Choose two players. If both of them are Werewolves the village team wins and the game is over. If they are not, you are instantly eliminated.;1
The Shield of the Bodyguard;Each day at dawn, choose a different player who cannot be eliminated that night.;inf
The Onyx of Destruction;Choose a player with an unrevealed Artifact card and remove it from the game.;1
The Spear of Fury;Choose a player to be eliminated instantly, and show your Ultimate Werewolf card to everyone.;1
The Eye of the Beholder;Each night, wake with the Seer.;inf
The Cudgel of the Old Hag;Each day at dawn, choose a player to leave the village during the day.;inf
The Staff of the Seer;Choose a player and secretly view their Ultimate Werewolf card.;1
The Mirror of the Doppelganger;Choose a player and secretly view his Ultimate Werewolf card. You now have that player's special power in addition to yours.;inf
The Mask of Spellcasting;Each day at dawn, choose a player who may not speak that day.;inf
The Amber of Dawn;All players who have revealed '1' artifact cards receive new Artifact cards.;1
The Shroud of Shame;Each day at dawn, choose a player who must face away from the rest of the players.;inf
The Bow of Hunting;Choose a player who then chooses any other player, eliminating them instantly.;1
The Brand of the Villager;Choose a player to lose his special power.;1
The Mark of the Mayor;Your vote counts as two votes when voting to eliminate players.;inf
The Skimmer of the Cursed;You are Cursed. If a werewolf targets you at night, you become a werewolf and join their team.;inf
The Sheet of the Ghost;Ask a player who was eliminated the previous day to tell you a single letter.;1
Thc Coin of Youth;You must say the name of your role at least once per day or you will be eliminated at night.;inf
The Diamond of Denial;Choose a player with a revealed inf Artifact card and take that card from them, returning it to the deck.;1
The Wreath of Peace;Never vote to eliminate.;inf
The Sapphire of Fate;Choose a player with an unrevealed Artifact card and secretly view it. When that player reveals his Artifact card, both of you resolve it.;1
The Cloak of the Prince;You may not be eliminated during the day.;inf
The Ruby of Kismet;Choose two players and have each of them reveal their Artifact cards in the order you choose.;1
The Breath of the Old Man;Choose a player to be eliminated the night after the next day.;1
The Rod of Reincarnation;If you are eliminated, reveal your Artifact card and stay in the game...but different.;1
The Scepter of Rebirth;If you are eliminated, reveal your Artifact card and stay in the game.;1
The Ring of Truth;Choose a player. He must tell you if he is a Werewolf.;1
The Vote from Beyond;You may vote during the day, even if you have been eliminated.;inf
The Void of Nothingness;This artifact has no effect.;inf
The Citrine of Fortune;Exchange this Artifact for a new one which must be revealed instantly.;1
The Amulet of Protection;Each day at dawn, the holder of the Amulet must give it to a player who has not had it before. The player who has the Amulet cannot be eliminated.;inf
The Claw of the Werewolf;You become a Werewolf, keeping any Ultimate Werewolf role power you have intact.;inf
The Flask of Dreams;Choose a player to lose his special power for two days.;1
The Blood of the Diseased;Choose a player to become infected with disease. If the Werewolves eliminate that player, they don't get to choose a target the following night.;1
The Stone of Alteration;Secretly exchange your current Ultimate Werewolf card for another Ultimate Werewolf card.;1
